Privacy Policy
You certainly understand and concur that:
Tathagat Tutorials Private Limited has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate own organization commitment to privacy. Throughout the cyberspace we want to contribute towards providing a safe and secure environment, safe information gathering and dissemination practices for all our sites. This policy applies to tathagat.co.in

Information Gathering And Usage

1. Registration / Information
When you sign up with Website or App we ask you for personal information. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other services / third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information.
You may provide us with certain information such as your Name, E-mail address, Correspondence address when registering for certain services such as Online Registration / Submit Resume, Contests. This information will primarily be used for the purpose of providing personalisation and verification.

2. Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that Websites or App write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited. A cookie can contain information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data of your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Our Website/App uses cookies to track user traffic patterns and for the personalisation feature.

3. User communications
When you send email or other communications to our Website or App , we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. When you send and receive SMS messages to or from one of our services that provides SMS functionality, we may collect and maintain information associated with those messages, such as the phone number, the content of the message, and the date and time of the transaction. We may use your email address to communicate with you about our services.

4. Log information
When you access our Website via a browser our servers automatically record certain information. These server logs may include information such as your web request, your interaction with a service, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account.

5. Confidential
Tathagat Tutorials Private Limited Privacy Policy applies to its Website. Tathagat Tutorials Private Limited do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results, sites that include other applications, products or services, or links from within our various services. Personal information that you provide to other sites may be sent to our Website and/or App in order to deliver the service. We process such information under this Privacy Policy.

6. Feedback
Tathagat Tutorials Private Limited Feedback Form requires personal information of users like contact number, name and e-mail address and demographic information like their zip code, age etc. for any feedback by the users pertaining to the services rendered by Tathagat Tutorials Private Limited.

7. Further Improvement
Apart from the above, we may use user information to provide, maintain, protect, improve and develop our services.

8. Queries regarding the Website or APP
If you have any query regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact at info@tathagat.co.in.